Media Temple Offers “Grid-Server” Hosting
Published on October 17, 2006.
So just this morning, a host by the name of “Media Temple” started offering a new type of hosting.
They call it “ Grid-Server ” and it seems to be a system of web servers running in parallel.
It seems like one of those “why didn’t I think of that!” things (well, if you’re nerd, anyway).
Most hosting services have single machines that will serve 5 or so users at once.
The problem with these is that one user using many resources will slow down the rest of their neighbors’ sites too.
I think this is what I’ve been doing with my sites…
The whole idea of the grid thing is that each user will be on one large group of computers.
If a user doesn’t use many resources, great.
If the user uses many, the grid can accommodate that. Maybe.
I’m really interested in this service and I might actually switch hosts.
My host has been battling uptime for months now.
I’m kind of getting tired of it.
It really looks bad when Notecentric is down, since it’s supposed to let users access their notes ALL THE TIME.
In fact, I may just order the service right now, and switch when my other hosting runs out.
But what should I put on the mt host? Hmm….